doc: nrf5340audio controller: add version note (#12787)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/index.rst

This controller is compatible with the HCI RPMsg driver provided by the |NCS| Bluetooth® :ref:`bt_hci_drivers` core.
When the communication between the application and the network core on a device is handled by the HCI RPMsg driver, this link layer controller can be used to handle time critical low level communication and the radio.

.. note::

>    The LE Audio controller for nRF5340 is provided in the :ref:`experimental state <software_maturity>` and is in ongoing development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The LE Audio controller for nRF5340 is provided in the :ref:`experimental state <software_maturity>` and it is under development.
```
?
